<h1 align="center">
Privacy Policy
</h1>

### - The site provides for registration process and may now or in the future collect the following personal information to serve the Customer better: a) Name including first and last name, b) email address, c) mobile phone numbers and contact details, d) Postal Pin code. 
### - We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Website.
### - By completing the registration process or by placing an order, the Customer agrees to receive promotional communication, text messages and newsletters.
### - You may opt out by contacting our Customer Service team at info@b2e.in. We will never sell or provide your information to Third Party companies or outside agencies for commercial purposes.

## Customer Acceptance
### I hereby agree:
### - That the product descriptions have been carefully checked before placing the order.
### - That by placing an order I agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of sale.
### - That all prices and availability of products are subject to change without prior notice at the sole discretion of Kommunity shop.
### - To provide authentic and true information in all instances and authorise Kommunity shop to validate the information provided at any point of time and reject registration if any details are found to be untrue, wholly or partly.
### - To pay extra cost claimed by Kommunity shop in the case of redelivery due to wrong name or address or any other wrong information provided while booking order.
### - To use www.kommunityshop.com site and application to transact for lawful purposes in compliance with all applicable laws and regulation.

## Pricing
### The price displayed for the product may change depending on the daily market value. On the website, an estimated weight of the product is used for the guide price. You will pay only for the exact weight of the product in your order. This will result in a slight variation from the price being displayed on the website to the price at time of delivery. For both cash and card payments, the difference in value may be collected or refunded. For card prepayment the amount will be collected or refunded in cash. Kommunity shop does not have any handling charges, packing charges or hidden charges.

## Cookies and Technology
### A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device when you visit a website. Cookies help website providers to recognise your device the next time you visit their website using non-personal, identifiable information only, e.g., domain type, browser version, and service provider. Cookies do not provide any personal information but they allow us to understand how users navigate to and around our website, view product pages, access content and make purchases. For your convenience, to help us personalize your experience or better serve your needs, we may use cookies to receive and store certain types of information when you visit our website.

### Our company contracts under an agreement of confidentiality with Google Analytics, a service provider that provides data collection and reports regarding our customers'™ activities on our site, to help us better understand consumer patterns. Google Analytics may use cookies on our behalf and may receive information about your browsing and buying activity so that we may continue to refine the site, improve it and better serve you. Google Analytics analyses the information it collects on our behalf and returns it back to us through a secure web connection. Under no circumstances may Google Analytics use your information other than in connection with providing services to us to make our site more useful and efficient. We do not permit Google Analytics to collect credit card, username or password information.

## Third Party Involvement
### Information you provide us such as name, email, mobile phone number and address and information we collect as you access and use our service, including device information, location and network carrier are kept confidential and used only by Royal Agro Fresh LLP for its sales, promotion and offers.

### All orders are processed through the Royal Chicken Shopping Cart via PayU. Credit card information collected on this website is stored on secure sites and is available to Royal Chicken for up to 30 days. Delivery and e-mail information is also stored.Your information collected for PayU secure online payment system is governed by PayU'™s privacy policy. PayU would request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide information such as name and delivery address, and financial information like credit card number and expiration date. PayU uses this information for billing purposes and to fulfil your delivery. If they have trouble processing an order, they will use this information to contact you by email.

### We contract with third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on this website. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, e-mail address, or any personally identifying information about the user. Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services, including social media services, may also use cookies or similar tools, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other practices. We do not control the practices of such partners and their privacy policies govern their interactions with you.

## Force Majeure
### Royal Chicken will not be deemed in default hereunder or held responsible for any cessation, interruption or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder due to earthquake, flood, fire, storm, natural disaster, act of God, war, terrorism, armed conflict, labour strike, lockout, or boycott, or events that are reasonably beyond its control.

## Governing Law and Jurisdiction
### All disputes arising out of or in doing business with Royal Agro Fresh LLP or on www.royalchicken.com shall be amicably settled at the first instance by mutual discussions and negotiations. In the event the dispute is not resolved then the same may be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 or any enactment of statutory modification thereof. The arbitration proceedings shall be in the English language and shall be held in Chennai. The award of the arbitral tribunal shall be final and binding.

## Objectionable Material
### While using this Website or any services provided on www.royalchicken.com, you may encounter Content that may be deemed by some to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which Content may or may not be identified as such. You agree to use the Website and any service at your sole risk and that to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, and Royal Agro Fresh and its affiliates shall have no liability to the User for content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you.

## Statute of Limitation
### You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Website or Products or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

## Customer Reviews and Feedback
### All reviews, comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered on www.royalchicken.com, in connection with your use of this Website (collectively, the '˜Feedback'™) shall be and remain the property of Royal Agro Fresh LLP

### Royal Chicken will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, publish, display and distribute any Feedback you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. Royal Chicken is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Feedback in confidence; (2) to pay you any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any Comments. You agree that any Comments submitted by you to the Website will not violate this policy or any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights, and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Website will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of spam.

## Copyright and Trademark Rights
### Royal Agro Fresh LLP and its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content and other materials, which appear or are sold on this Website. Access to this Website does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of www.royalchicken.com or any third party's intellectual property rights. All rights, including copyright, in this website are owned by or licensed to Royal Agro Fresh LLP. Any use of this website or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the permission of Royal Chicken. You may not modify, distribute or re-post anything on this website for any purpose.

### The Royal Chicken names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Royal Agro Fresh LLP. All other marks are the property of their respective companies. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on this Website. Access to this Website does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner. References on www.royalchicken.com to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information provided is solely for customer convenience and does not in any way constitute or imply royal chicken endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service.

### Royal Agro Fresh LLP is not responsible for the content of any third party websites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such websites. If you decide to link to any such third party websites, you do so entirely at your own risk.

### All materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, music clips or downloads, video clips, written and other materials hosted on www.royalchicken.com (collectively, the Contents) are intended solely for customer convenience.All software used in this Website is the property of Royal Chicken or its licensees and suppliers and protected by Indian and international copyright laws.

### The contents and software on this Website is to be used only as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication display of the contents on this Website is strictly prohibited. Unless otherwise noted, all contents are copyrights, trademarks, and or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by Royal Agro Fresh LLP, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Royal Chicken are protected by copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all contents on this Website is the exclusive property of Royal Chicken and is also protected by copyright laws.

## Indemnity
### The User agrees to indemnify and hold Royal Agro Fresh LLP, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and their successors harmless from any claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees and costs, caused by or arising out of claims based upon the User's actions or inactions, which may result in any loss or liability to Royal Chicken or any third party, including but not limited to the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by User, or other user of the Service using User's computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity. This clause shall survive the expiry or termination of this User Agreement. We may terminate this User Agreement at any time, without notice or liability to Royal Chicken.